README.md, before:

# Plaits Models utility

Use this device to control [Mutable Instrument](https://mutable-instruments.net/)'s module [Plaits](https://mutable-instruments.net/modules/plaits/) 'Model' parameter. <br>
Requires Ableton Live, Max For Live, Plaits and a MIDI to CV interface to operate.

<img src="https://github.com/stefanostev/Plaits-Models-utility/blob/master/screen.jpg" width="500">

Connect your interface to your computer, either via MIDI or USB. Connect an output of your interface to Plaits 'Model' CV input. Set Plaits 'Model' to the first top green one, using the top left button to scroll through the list.

In Ableton, select your MIDI Interface as output device on the MIDI track you've loaded the device into. Use the `MIDI/CV` number to select the output from which your interface is sending out the CV signal. Use the `MIDI Channel` number to configure the MIDI Channel your output is set. Set the same channel in Ableton's track as well.

You can now scroll through the different models using both the dropdown menu or the mappable knob.

Commit message:

updated infos about licensed logos

README.md, after:

# Plaits Models utility

Use this device to control [Mutable Instrument](https://mutable-instruments.net/)'s module [Plaits](https://mutable-instruments.net/modules/plaits/) 'Model' parameter. <br>
Requires Ableton Live, Max For Live, Plaits and a MIDI to CV interface to operate.

<center><img src="https://github.com/stefanostev/Plaits-Models-utility/blob/master/screen.jpg" width="500"></center>

Connect your interface to your computer, either via MIDI or USB. Connect an output of your interface to Plaits `Model` CV input. Set Plaits `Model` to the first top green one, using the top left button to scroll through the list.

In Ableton, select your MIDI Interface as `output device` on the MIDI track you've loaded the device into. Use the `MIDI/CV` number to select the output from which your interface is sending out the CV signal. Use the `MIDI Channel` number to configure the MIDI Channel your output is set. Set the same channel in Ableton's track as well.

You can now scroll through the different models using both the dropdown menu or the mappable knob.



Models' logos adapted from original design by Mutable Instruments released under Open Hardware cc-by-sa-3.0 license
